Hahahaha
Xiaofan, you have no chance
I Sakura Organization
Will become the god of this new world
And you mortals
Will become the bird of the new world
The one who only dares to hide under Apple Mountain
To destroy the fabric of the world by means of grasping
Dare to call God
It's ridiculous
What!
Now that you know our headquarters is under Apple Hill
Xiaofan, I originally admired it very much
I want to leave you a way out
But now you just have to die
Grim Reaper this time I will make peace
Tread down your cherry blossom tissue
Use the serum to save all mankind
The conspiracy of your island nation will be completely crushed
overreach
Give me blood
What is this?
So this is your nuclear waste.
I'll kill you!
History doesn't repeat itself.
We must go to the launch site immediately
Good to go